oh boy nobody knows why or how this
happened
one day everyone just woke up with
animal feet
it took a while to get used to balancing
at first not many creatures have feet
made to hold an upright body you should
have seen the sloth-footed people at
first
the automobile industry was hit pretty
hard who needs a car when you can run
like a cheetah at highway speeds
that and the pedals aren't exactly
shaped for hooves
forget about shoes as you know them now
even size 12s won't fit giant two-toed
ostrich feet
or big round elephant pads oh and all
the horse-hoofed humans are now wearing
their shoes
instead of playing with them in their
backyard barbecue
ah the poor athletes a person can't just
play any sport they want
having bulky elephant feet guarantees
failure in the long jump
elephants can't jump at all
but animal footed humanity is no less
innovative than before
they came up with an event for everyone
to partake an
obstacle course marathon stretching for
miles
millions of viewers tune in broadcasts
are translated in different languages
around the world
there are hundreds of participants but
only one winner will get fame and
fortune
the start of the marathon is just
seconds away the participants are taking
their starting positions
three two one go
at first people with fast feet rush
forward and quickly overtake their
rivals
cheetahpod folks are gaining a huge lead
the antelope and horsehoofers maintain
second place
followed closely by the lion feet
it seems the fast runners have victory
in their pocket but it's way too early
to get overconfident
they've come to the first obstacle
course the road ends and a huge lake
follows
the sprinters jump into the water but
here their speed is noticeably reduced
other participants are catching up and
dive into the lake
hundreds of people are swimming with all
their might but look at that
those with vasculus lizard feet run
right on the water surface
it's thanks to their long scaly toes
that create tiny air pockets
when they come in contact with the water
they don't fall into the lake which
means
they don't need to fight the water's
resistance the water runners quickly
take the lead
people with jump feet are next they use
the webbing between their toes as
flippers
and quickly cross the leg people with
big bulky elephant feet have
problems with fast swimming they're the
last to reach the shore
a dense forest begins after the lake
it's challenging for participants to
pass between the trees
under branches through thorny bushes but
not for people with hand-like feet
they cling to branches like monkeys
using their legs as
extra arms people with clawed eagle feet
are taking second place
birds of prey use their toes to grip
their unlucky lunch tightly
but these athletes use them to get a
good hold of the branches
ingenious the forest ends
people with grippy feet still have the
lead but not for long
immediately after the dense forest a
large area covered in snow appears
people are trying to run faster but the
snow stops them
hair and feet are the favorite here
thanks to their long
thin feet they take big steps and the
snow doesn't slow them down
there's a wide ice area up ahead the
hair and slip
and down go the fast runners as well
seems the race is evening out as no one
can gain speed on this icy obstacle
[Music]
but what's this anyone with big polar
bear paws
makes it look like a piece of cake
their large claws dig into the ice the
wide pads of their feet give them good
traction
they quickly gain a lead as the rest
slowly work their way across the frozen
path
but not for long green marshes appear
ahead
logs are floating on the swamp but
they're probably seven yards apart
no worries for anyone with kangaroo feet
they leap from one log to the next
all while the other participants trudge
through the swampy marsh
people with frog feet trail closely
behind the jumpers get out of the swamp
not only in the lead but also the
cleanest the rest of the runners are
covered in green slime
and pu what a stench
a street road is up next the fast
sprinters catch up once again
but they faced another difficult test
the ground is covered in hot coals
cheetah and lion paws won't cut it those
runners are
down they'll have to wait till the colds
cool down
before they move any further now the
hoofers have their chance to shine
elephant and horse-footed participants
easily overcome the fire road
it's getting dark but this race isn't
over yet
up ahead a high mountain rises in front
of the athletes
runners struggle to climb the cliff in
the dark but
anyone with gekko feet quickly gets up
the rock edge
thanks to their sticky toes the
elephant-footed people
are losing again they just can't catch a
break
as they struggle gaining any height they
hear a strange noise nearby
it's some kind of tapping here they come
it's people with mountain goat hooves
ah yes they have a clear advantage here
even the narrowest cliff won't stop them
from leaping great distances to gain a
lead
the goat hooves overtake the gecko
runners
other participants are still struggling
getting up the mountain
the rhino elephant and hippo footed
people have decided to walk around it
but that'll take hours possibly even
days
hoping victory fades from their faces
but they keep
trudging along there were only a few
miles left until the end of the race
the participants are now running through
a field of sunflowers
another advantage for our sprinters they
cover great distances in no time at all
they can already see the finish line
victory is so close but right at this
moment
their feet are stepping on something
sticky what was once an easy sunflower
field
has been replaced with barren clay
ground
oh no they're trapped the rest of the
participants catch up with them
but they're no match for this sticky
situation either
the jumpers try but when they land they
get sludged down
even deeper athletes who can run on
water
also get bogged down in the mud
absolutely all the runners are stuck
and have no idea what to do next hours
pass
it's now morning of day two the
participants are exhausted
hungry and defeated the clay is hardened
and their feet got cemented in for good
the judges are thinking about canceling
the whole event
but then here come the elephant-footed
folks
they carefully step on the mud but don't
get stuck in it
thanks to feet with the largest surface
area of any animal in the world
i bet they'll be happy to finally pass
all these swift-footed participants
victory fame and fortune will be theirs
but wait they're not moving toward the
finish line
they're using their strong feet to break
through the clay and
free the other participants now the
sprinters will surely win
but no not at all everyone is crossing
the finish line together
hand in hoof listen to the cheers and
whistles the crowd goes wild
for this unexpected ending of an
incredible race indeed